friends of the car, we 'll talk one more time
straight from the track in the interior
paulo and today I'll show you one
car that I have already shown several versions
He has a lot of tradition and has a lot of tradition.
story to tell
But this one is well fed, I'm
talking about the mustang snack rs 3 hours and
to read
this mustang was prepared by
american ranch led by jack roush
a living legend of motorsport and also
in the preparation of ford models for
born since the 70's
today the company searched for isa
new Mustangs in three stages of
power what we're going now is the
third stage baptized ds3
we can already see the
with the absence of the traditional
logo of the mustang giving way to the emblem
the hood and sides
received decorative banners and the wheels
20-inch sidewalks with
high performance are exclusive
going beyond appearance the ranch crs 3
won a lower suspension more
than the original model
specially prepared for the slopes
the set has lower bars
that help attraction and also in the
stability within the curves
the engine that is in charge of moving
this Mozambique is a v8 capable of generating
540 horsepower combined with a
six-speed manual transmission that
distributes all this cavalry to the
rear axle
now let's see the behavior of this
mustang rs3 at sea called first
march 7 thousand turns 40 miles second
march 7 thousand 60 miles third gear
very low
6min 8078 90 miles very low Wednesday
march 7 the 110 mile fifth gear
5,500 at 126,130,140 and the
track and brave the champion
Look, I 've been with several versions of
mustang many versions some of
Some factory and preparers but look
until today the most spicy of the environment
it was this one
berg cut rs3 blood looks at you
skinny people can of congratulations and a
beautiful toy recommend